[ci] use GitHub Actions to re-generate R configure (#4140)
microsoft/LightGBM: R-package/README.md

3. Edit `src/Makevars.in`.

> Alternatively, GitHub Actions can re-generate this file for you. On a pull request (only on internal one, not works for ones from forks), create a comment with this phrase:

Reviewer: small suggested change to this language

```suggestion
Alternatively, GitHub Actions can re-generate this file for you. On a pull request (only on internal one, does not work for ones from forks), create a comment with this phrase:
```
